Doc: wildcards in xpack.management.pipeline.id (#12396)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/settings/configuration-management-settings.asciidoc

Specify a comma-separated list of pipeline IDs to register for centralized
pipeline management. After changing this setting, you need to restart Logstash
to pick up changes.

> Pipeline ID support <<wildcard-in-pipeline-id, wildcard>> `*` to match multiple IDs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pipeline IDs support `*` as a <<wildcard-in-pipeline-id, wildcard>> for matching multiple IDs.
```
